Migrate Invitations Page (#837)
centrapay/centrapay-docs: src/content/api/invitations.mdx

  </Property>

  <Property name="createdAt" type="timestamp">
    When the Invitation was created.
  </Property>

  <Property name="createdBy" type="crn">
    The User or API Key that created the Invitation.
  </Property>

  <Property name="updatedAt" type="timestamp">
    When the Invitation was updated.
  </Property>

  <Property name="updatedBy" type="crn">
    The User or API Key that updated the Invitation.
  </Property>

    <Property name="accepted" type="boolean">
    A flag indicating whether the Invitation has been accepted.
  </Property>

  <Property name="acceptedAt" type="timestamp">
    When the Invitation was accepted.
  </Property>

  <Property name="acceptedBy" type="crn">
    The User or API Key that accepted the Invitation.
  </Property>

  <Property name="acceptedByAccountId" type="string">
    The [Account](/api/accounts) id of the user accepting the Invitation.
  </Property>

  <Property name="recipientAlias" type="string">
    The email address of the user accepting the Invitation.
  </Property>

  <Property name="params" type="object">
    [Params](#params-model) dependent on the Invitation type.
  </Property>

  <Property name="status" type="string">

>     The status of the invitation. Possible values are `created`, `sent`, `accepted` and `revoked `

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The status of the invitation. Possible values are `created`, `sent`, `accepted` and `revoked `.
```

  </Property>
</Properties>

---

## Params Model

### Attributes

<Properties>
  <Property name="role" type="string">
    The role assigned to the recipient, for invitations of type `account-membership`.
  </Property>

  <Property name="accountName" type="string">
    The name of the account that the recipient is invited to, for invitations of type `account-membership`
  </Property>
</Properties>

---

<Endpoint
  method="POST"
  path="/api/invitations"
>

>   ## Create Invitation

Reviewer: @AndyClifford should this be experimental?

      -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
      -d '{
        "type": "account-membership",
        "resourceId": "Hopo4g34sLVdjEMBs2p19F",
        "resourceType": "account",
        "recipientAlias": "user@org.com",
        "params": {
          "role": "cashier"
        }
      }'
    ```
  </CodePanel>

  <CodePanel slot="code-examples" title="Response">
    ```json
    {
      "id": "DKTs3U38hdhfEqwF1JKoT2",
      "code": "WIj211vFs9cNACwBb04vQw",
      "type": "account-membership",
      "resourceId": "Hopo4g34sLVdjEMBs2p19F",
      "resourceType": "account",
      "expiresAt": "2021-08-26T00:02:49.488Z",
      "createdAt": "2021-08-25T00:02:49.488Z",
      "createdBy": "crn:WIj211vFs9cNACwBb04vQw:api-key:MyApiKey",
      "updatedAt": "2021-08-25T00:02:49.488Z",
      "updatedBy": "crn:WIj211vFs9cNACwBb04vQw:api-key:MyApiKey",
      "recipientAlias": "user@org.com",
      "params": {
        "role": "cashier",
        "accountName": "Centrapay Cafe"
      },
      "status": "created"
    }
    ```
  </CodePanel>

</Endpoint>

---

<Endpoint
  method="GET"
  path="/api/invitations/code/{code}"
>
  ## Get Invitation By Code <Badge type="experimental"/>

>   This endpoint allows you to retrieve an Invitation by id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This endpoint allows you to retrieve an Invitation by code.
```

  ### Attributes
  No attributes.

  <CodePanel slot="code-examples" title="Request" method="GET" path="/api/invitations/code/{code}">
    ```bash
    curl https://service.centrapay.com/api/invitations/code/WIj211vFs9cNACwBb04vQw \
      -H "X-Api-Key: $api_key"
    ```
  </CodePanel>

  <CodePanel slot="code-examples" title="Response">
    ```json
    {
      "id": "DKTs3U38hdhfEqwF1JKoT2",
      "code": "WIj211vFs9cNACwBb04vQw",
      "type": "account-membership",
      "resourceId": "5ee0c486308f590260d9a07f",
      "resourceType": "account",
      "expiresAt": "2021-08-26T00:02:49.488Z",
      "createdAt": "2021-08-25T00:02:49.488Z",
      "createdBy": "crn:WIj211vFs9cNACwBb04vQw:api-key:MyApiKey",
      "updatedAt": "2021-08-25T00:02:49.488Z",
      "updatedBy": "crn:WIj211vFs9cNACwBb04vQw:api-key:MyApiKey"
    }
    ```
  </CodePanel>

</Endpoint>

---

<Endpoint
  method="GET"
  path="/api/accounts/{accountId}/invitations"
>
  ## List Invitations by Account Id <Badge type="experimental"/>

>   This endpoint allows you to retrieve the list of Invitations on an Account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This endpoint allows you list Invitations for an Account.
```

      -H "X-Api-Key: $api_key" \
      -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
      -d '{
        "code": "WIj211vFs9cNACwBb04vQw",
        "accountId": "Jaim1Cu1Q55uooxSens6yk"
      }'
    ```
  </CodePanel>

  <CodePanel slot="code-examples" title="Response">
    ```json
    {
      "id": "DKTs3U38hdhfEqwF1JKoT2",
      "code": "WIj211vFs9cNACwBb04vQw",
      "type": "account-membership",
      "resourceId": "5ee0c486308f590260d9a07f",
      "resourceType": "account",
      "expiresAt": "2021-08-26T00:02:49.488Z",
      "createdAt": "2021-08-25T00:02:49.488Z",
      "createdBy": "crn:WIj211vFs9cNACwBb04vQw:api-key:MyApiKey",
      "accepted": true,
      "acceptedAt": "2021-08-25T10:12:22.122Z",
      "acceptedBy": "crn::user:e2837e88-d408-11eb-8eac-3e22fb52e878",
      "acceptedByAccountId": "Jaim1Cu1Q55uooxSens6yk",
      "updatedAt": "2021-08-25T10:12:22.122Z",
      "updatedBy": "crn::user:e2837e88-d408-11eb-8eac-3e22fb52e878"
    }
    ```
  </CodePanel>

</Endpoint>

---

<Endpoint
  method="POST"
  path="/api/invitations/{invitationId}/revoke"
>
  ## Revoke Invitation <Badge type="experimental"/>

  This endpoint allows you to revoke an Invitation.

>   ### Attributes

Reviewer: @AndyClifford there are no attributes for this route.
